This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Cast You Later ("Application") for mobile devices that was created by Modeno LLC. The Application allows the user to listen to the contents of their favorite websites at any time on their phones.

User Provided Information 
The application requires an email to recognize the user.

Automatically Collected Information
The application doesn't collect any information not explicitly provided by the user.

Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?
No.

Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
No.

Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at privacy@castyoulater.com and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.

Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at privacy@castyoulater.com . We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.

Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.

Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. 

Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under United States privacy standards. 

Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at privacy@castyoulater.com .
